it is actually important that you do that
Customer clean pieces available
put that clean and cut
It is important that it is also a small one
bit of symmetry is around the symmetry
to produce here
not that always settle so i here
the cut line that I reach
just want to show that I called
doing here with the razor nick on
that's on the world on both sides
almost the same look and have
if I take the saw then
I can do here with the non-saw to
interpret
on both sides that one here that one
here
so I have two in any case
clean cuts and you can see here
an absolutely clean graduation one
There are absolutely no edges in here you have
I do not even tear myself the
finger advised
hear me from many picture we trade
say this saw a season in use
then it paid off
In fact, so many wild traders
the flying places on the tracks
drive and pick up there always wild
regret that they have to pay
what they actually do afterwards
throw it away
if the wild hitler made such a saw of
he is without us on the car
Another capable of the
scare place today overwhelmingly
hanging pieces or lying pieces
judging on the track and inside
to be able to make cuts in it
there the shot the bad parts at
stretch out already take place
this is usually not because that
piece either hangs or lies and one
on the spot no possibility has the ribs
so to separate by
that you do not buy the piece
want or what is anyway away
must be lonely stretch make space
So you have to be in this case
imagine that the piece is stretched
yes, yes, too
it is possible to examine without one
Another with now he does not see any
piece has such a good shot as
this piece here that one here
cut out in principle
First, if you continue to rip
the sail wants to process
cut this straight line again like us
have already seen him perform here
and then you have to
Of course you can do everything without further ado
see that here again a straight
piece has will that want the pieces
clean can process and
then cut well too
you can or you can just as well
imagine
That's why you have to saw a saw, of course
so that you can shoot that
bad here, without further ado
can cut and thus these pieces
which can be used for world and clean
in the meat industry at the counters
third, as a rule , it is so that the
end stage of the stripe is not there yet
so you clean the pieces here as well
then can cut to the packaging
As a rule , one does not suffer these sounds
scheel rib solar masses complete
belly so that you without problems
clean cuts on the pieces of
can lead
Often I am asked by customers what
Can I cut that with the saw ?
have to cut from the back soils
we just demonstrated that but that is
Not everything I am with
can make saw if wants to be disassembled
at higher bones home when I hear
bone the good bone marrow out cook
want
It is important that you still immediately
be opened so that the cooking water
also on
that may be the bone and that
again i want to show you how to do it
that can also do with this saw
This saw actually only has one
incision depth of 3 cm
but that is completely enough
tubular bones this to saw to
I use the saw in reverse
women that means I take the switch
up
the bone as right-handed in the
left hand and read the lake went lege
Bone on bones and turn
something and again fall important
is that one of the bones in fresh
the inarticulate that they slip a bit when
maybe a better stop
to have
to let
we are without effort
cuts the saw